Content for 'What Lies Beneath' Website

Resources:
* Images of Artists
* Logo
* Favicon

What Lies Beneath - an exhibition of photographic composite works that challenge the perceptions of reality.

Exhibition Information

'What Lies Beneath' is proudly sponsored by Quicksticks Sporting Goods, Umpteen Treasures and Spinfluence.

As a travelling exhibition, 'What Lies Beneath' is an inspirational showcase of altered reality coming to a town near you. Find a location close to you from the list below, and mark the date and place in your diary. You won't be disappointed when you immerse yourself in the fantastical, creative works of the exhibiting artists: Jack Pott, Kay Oss, Barry D. Hatchett and Anita Room.

Paihia
Visions and Variety
24B Ascension Place
Paihia
Tuesday 5 January - Friday 29 January

Leamington
The Artisans Club
6 Rusty Road
Warkworth
Monday 8 February - Tuesday 2 March

Sanson
Art & Design House
12 Toa Road
Sanson
Wednesday 10 March - Wednesday 7 April

Mapua
Essence of Designs
63 Tinakori Street
Mapua
Monday 12 April - Friday 30 April

Harihari
Clay and Paper
17 Cedar Grove
Harihari
Thursday 6 May - Tuesday 1 June

Temuka
Creative Tales
365 Rewa Drive
Temuka
Tuesday 8 June - Thursday 1 July



Information About the Artists
Exhibiting artists have come from across the country and all proudly call New Zealand home. Each artist brings their own take on altered reality. Described as a "Visual Feast", the works on display for this exhibition will have you wondering and dreaming about other worlds.

Jack Pott - Jack has been a creator his whole life. His mother reports "Our fridge was always covered with the doodlings and drawings that Jack created as a young boy. As he got older, our fridge just didn't do justice to his creations!" Jack has had his images showcased in a number of art magazines. He currently is employed full time at an Auckland Photographic Art Studio for his creativity.

Kay Oss - Kay describes herself as a 'meddler of images'. She has always treated her ability to create an altered reality as a hobby activity as opposed to a career option. Kay works as a Photography teacher and encourages her students to push the boundaries of reality by stretching their imaginations with her own work.

Barry D. Hatchett - With a larger than life personality, Barry stretches reality to new extremes with his images. He considers himself an 'unreal realist'. Prior to the digital world that he currently operates in, Barry created many infamous double exposure images the old fashioned way. Barry is retired, but that hasn't slowed him down in the 'creativity' department.

Anita Room - Anita has a flare for creating images that tend towards fantasy. Her creations take the viewer to new worlds where they are immersed in colours and sparkles. She has created many illustrations for children
s books over the years and is in full time employment as an illustrator. 


